reply to lie
It's abdominals and lunges, no plucking, no raw material.
Wang Xuncai can't even come out with a knife
The abdomen and lunges are both sent by you normally
Are you interfering in the bushes?
There is absolutely no misunderstanding between the father and the son
It is because the household is seriously in deficit
Can't come up with money to announce
Can't provide raw materials
Wait a minute.
Is it really impossible to take out the silver for the goods?
So poor
A lot of silver was spent on soldiers in the north
Many officials did not contribute for three months
Rich, if something goes wrong, please take care of it.
Since the emperor has no forgiveness and no money
It's hard for that minister to create this 100,000 sword, you
The saber can be delivered to the front in time
I am bigger than the summer
This is the scourge of subjugation
No, think about it.
All of you think to me
Can't think of a way
None of you are leaving here
Doesn't the Emperor Wang Jun usually have a lot of ideas?
I believe this matter should be handed over to Wang Jun
You won't be disappointed
Yes, it was his duty to build weapons
It was his duty.
No way.
The imperial court can't solve it
Wang Xun can't solve it alone
I am also optimistic about Wang Xun
Human potential is limitless
As long as he is willing to work hard
The king believes that he will succeed
Since the emperor's treasury is in short supply
Then our Duke's Mansion will raise the money for the construction
This house is well built
Give it to the court at the price of 30 taels
The court only needs to pay the interest
Only the emperor
Can you promise me two conditions?
Tell me what conditions you want me to promise you.